Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/b2b/negotiable-quote/mutations/place-order.md

-  [Set the shipping method](set-shipping-methods.md)
-  [Set the payment method](set-payment-method.md)

> You cannot manage orders with GraphQL, because orders are part of the back end. You can use REST or SOAP calls to manage orders to their completion.

Author: ```suggestion
You cannot manage orders with GraphQL, because orders are part of the backend. You can use REST or SOAP calls to manage orders to their completion.
```
